README.md, before:

[![cryptomator](cryptomator.png)](https://cryptomator.org/)

[![Build](https://github.com/cryptomator/cryptomator/workflows/Build/badge.svg)](https://github.com/cryptomator/cryptomator/actions/workflows/build.yml?query=branch%3Adevelop)
[![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/cryptomator/cryptomator/badge.svg)](https://snyk.io/test/github/cryptomator/cryptomator)
[![Quality Gate Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=cryptomator_cryptomator&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=cryptomator_cryptomator)
[![Mastodon](https://img.shields.io/mastodon/follow/176112?domain=mastodon.online&style=flat)](https://mastodon.online/@cryptomator)
[![Crowdin](https://badges.crowdin.net/cryptomator/localized.svg)](https://translate.cryptomator.org/)
[![Latest Release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/cryptomator/cryptomator.svg)](https://github.com/cryptomator/cryptomator/releases/latest)
[![Community](https://img.shields.io/badge/help-Community-orange.svg)](https://community.cryptomator.org)

## Supporting Cryptomator

Cryptomator is provided free of charge as an open-source project despite the high development effort and is therefore dependent on donations. If you are also interested in further development, we offer you the opportunity to support us:

- [One-time or recurring donation via Cryptomator's website.](https://cryptomator.org/#donate)
- [Become a sponsor via Cryptomator's sponsors website.](https://cryptomator.org/sponsors/)

### Gold Sponsors

Become our Gold Sponsor and showcase your brand to a targeted audience! Please contact us if you are interested.

### Silver Sponsors

<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><a href="https://www.gee-whiz.de/"><img src="https://cryptomator.org/img/sponsors/geewhiz.svg" alt="gee-whiz" height="56"></a></td>
      <td><a href="https://www.route4me.com/"><img src="https://cryptomator.org/img/sponsors/route4me.svg" alt="Route4Me" height="56"></a></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

### Special Shoutout

Continuous integration hosting for ARM64 builds is provided by [MacStadium](https://www.macstadium.com/company/opensource).

<a href="https://www.macstadium.com/company/opensource"><img src="https://uploads-ssl.webflow.com/5ac3c046c82724970fc60918/5c019d917bba312af7553b49_MacStadium-developerlogo.png" alt="MacStadium" height="100"></a>

---

## Introduction

Cryptomator offers multi-platform transparent client-side encryption of your files in the cloud.

Download native binaries of Cryptomator on [cryptomator.org](https://cryptomator.org/) or clone and build Cryptomator using Maven (instructions below).

## Features

- Works with Dropbox, Google Drive, OneDrive, MEGA, pCloud, ownCloud, Nextcloud and any other cloud storage service which synchronizes with a local directory
- Open Source means: No backdoors, control is better than trust
- Client-side: No accounts, no data shared with any online service
- Totally transparent: Just work on the virtual drive as if it were a USB flash drive
- AES encryption with 256-bit key length
- File names get encrypted
- Folder structure gets obfuscated
- Use as many vaults in your Dropbox as you want, each having individual passwords
- More than Five thousand commits for the security of your data!! :tada:

### Privacy

- 256-bit keys (unlimited strength policy bundled with native binaries)
- Scrypt key derivation
- Cryptographically secure random numbers for salts, IVs and the masterkey of course
- Sensitive data is wiped from the heap asap
- Lightweight: [Complexity kills security](https://www.schneier.com/essays/archives/1999/11/a_plea_for_simplicit.html)

### Consistency

- Authenticated encryption is used for file content to recognize changed ciphertext before decryption
- I/O operations are transactional and atomic, if the filesystems support it
- Each file contains all information needed for decryption (except for the key of course), no common metadata means no [SPOF](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single_point_of_failure)

### Security Architecture

For more information on the security details visit [cryptomator.org](https://docs.cryptomator.org/security/architecture/).

## Building

### Dependencies

* JDK 23 (e.g. temurin, zulu)
* Maven 3

### Run Maven

```
mvn clean install
# or mvn clean install -Pwin
# or mvn clean install -Pmac
# or mvn clean install -Plinux
```

This will build all the jars and bundle them together with their OS-specific dependencies under `target`. This can now be used to build native packages.

## License

This project is dual-licensed under the GPLv3 for FOSS projects as well as a commercial license for independent software vendors and resellers. If you want to modify this application under different conditions, feel free to contact our support team.

Commit message:

add section on error messages
related issues #3755

README.md, after:

[![cryptomator](cryptomator.png)](https://cryptomator.org/)

[![Build](https://github.com/cryptomator/cryptomator/workflows/Build/badge.svg)](https://github.com/cryptomator/cryptomator/actions/workflows/build.yml?query=branch%3Adevelop)
[![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/cryptomator/cryptomator/badge.svg)](https://snyk.io/test/github/cryptomator/cryptomator)
[![Quality Gate Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=cryptomator_cryptomator&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=cryptomator_cryptomator)
[![Mastodon](https://img.shields.io/mastodon/follow/176112?domain=mastodon.online&style=flat)](https://mastodon.online/@cryptomator)
[![Crowdin](https://badges.crowdin.net/cryptomator/localized.svg)](https://translate.cryptomator.org/)
[![Latest Release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/cryptomator/cryptomator.svg)](https://github.com/cryptomator/cryptomator/releases/latest)
[![Community](https://img.shields.io/badge/help-Community-orange.svg)](https://community.cryptomator.org)

## Supporting Cryptomator

Cryptomator is provided free of charge as an open-source project despite the high development effort and is therefore dependent on donations. If you are also interested in further development, we offer you the opportunity to support us:

- [One-time or recurring donation via Cryptomator's website.](https://cryptomator.org/#donate)
- [Become a sponsor via Cryptomator's sponsors website.](https://cryptomator.org/sponsors/)

### Gold Sponsors

Become our Gold Sponsor and showcase your brand to a targeted audience! Please contact us if you are interested.

### Silver Sponsors

<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><a href="https://www.gee-whiz.de/"><img src="https://cryptomator.org/img/sponsors/geewhiz.svg" alt="gee-whiz" height="56"></a></td>
      <td><a href="https://www.route4me.com/"><img src="https://cryptomator.org/img/sponsors/route4me.svg" alt="Route4Me" height="56"></a></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

### Special Shoutout

Continuous integration hosting for ARM64 builds is provided by [MacStadium](https://www.macstadium.com/company/opensource).

<a href="https://www.macstadium.com/company/opensource"><img src="https://uploads-ssl.webflow.com/5ac3c046c82724970fc60918/5c019d917bba312af7553b49_MacStadium-developerlogo.png" alt="MacStadium" height="100"></a>

---

## Introduction

Cryptomator offers multi-platform transparent client-side encryption of your files in the cloud.

Download native binaries of Cryptomator on [cryptomator.org](https://cryptomator.org/) or clone and build Cryptomator using Maven (instructions below).

## Features

- Works with Dropbox, Google Drive, OneDrive, MEGA, pCloud, ownCloud, Nextcloud and any other cloud storage service which synchronizes with a local directory
- Open Source means: No backdoors, control is better than trust
- Client-side: No accounts, no data shared with any online service
- Totally transparent: Just work on the virtual drive as if it were a USB flash drive
- AES encryption with 256-bit key length
- File names get encrypted
- Folder structure gets obfuscated
- Use as many vaults in your Dropbox as you want, each having individual passwords
- More than Five thousand commits for the security of your data!! :tada:

### Privacy

- 256-bit keys (unlimited strength policy bundled with native binaries)
- Scrypt key derivation
- Cryptographically secure random numbers for salts, IVs and the masterkey of course
- Sensitive data is wiped from the heap asap
- Lightweight: [Complexity kills security](https://www.schneier.com/essays/archives/1999/11/a_plea_for_simplicit.html)

### Consistency

- Authenticated encryption is used for file content to recognize changed ciphertext before decryption
- I/O operations are transactional and atomic, if the filesystems support it
- Each file contains all information needed for decryption (except for the key of course), no common metadata means no [SPOF](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single_point_of_failure)

### Security Architecture

For more information on the security details visit [cryptomator.org](https://docs.cryptomator.org/security/architecture/).

## Building

### Dependencies

* JDK 23 (e.g. temurin, zulu)
* Maven 3

### Run Maven

```
mvn clean install
# or mvn clean install -Pwin
# or mvn clean install -Pmac
# or mvn clean install -Plinux
```

This will build all the jars and bundle them together with their OS-specific dependencies under `target`. This can now be used to build native packages.


## Error:

If on unlock a vault any of these faults occur follow the steps

### GH1B:GH1B:JCKJ on Windows

- In File Exporer Navigatate to `%ProgramFiles%\Cryptomator`
- Right click `PatchWebDAV.bat` and select __Run as administrator__ from the context menu

You should be able to unlock the vault.


## License

This project is dual-licensed under the GPLv3 for FOSS projects as well as a commercial license for independent software vendors and resellers. If you want to modify this application under different conditions, feel free to contact our support team.
